Let's go ahead and run our application.
And our app is up.
Oh, actually, it's not up and running.
We have a problem, another error.
Okay, so an auth-interceptor service dot ts on line four,
import requests from http.
Okay.
So it tells us which file to go look at.
And also tells us which line number to go look at.
So line number four.
Right, scroll up a bit.
And I got it.
Yes, so this request, yeah, this is a bad import.
So I shouldn't have this here.
So, basically,
this line import requests from http,
you can actually delete this line.
We don't need that.
That's incorrect.
Because we're getting the import up top on line one.
So for the request.
So if I save that, then we should be okay.
Okay. Excellent.
Yep, yep. So we're good now.
Awesome.
All right, so now it's compiled successfully
and now our app is up and running.
Okay, good.
Let's go ahead and swing into our web browser
and visit our application
and let's go ahead and log in.
And so now, we're logged in.
Okay, that's great.
So it says, "Welcome back Demo Darby".
We're logged in.
Now let's check to see
if we're passing that token correctly.
So we select orders and success.
All right, so we're getting our orders now.
So remember, we created that interceptor
that would basically check the end API
for like slash API slash orders
and then I want to add the token.
And we use that OktaAuthService for that.
And let's just verify that the end point
still is really secured, right?
So at this moment, I'm going to simply open up Postman
and attempt to send a request over
and see how things work out.
And so, I'm sending over just a regular request.
So I'm getting 401 unauthorized.
So our back-end service really is secured
and our angular front-end is really sending
over the proper access token.
So we could even verify this in our browser
just dropping in the end point directly.
And again, we get this 401 unauthorized,
and again, we're not passing over the token at this part.
The only place where we're passing over the token
is part of our angular application using that interceptor
that we already have created.
Okay. So this is up and working.
Good job.